so that's it that's how it ends
actually there's a little bit of a
cutscene after all the credits are
finished the credits aren't that long
actually and then you get to see your
score and everything how many times he
died and your final hit ratio and how
many enemies he killed etc etc what do I
think of this game great game fabulous
fabulous absolutely fabulous should you
buy yes go out and buy it I don't know
where you can buy it I don't think
they're selling it new anywhere anymore
strike that they might be selling it new
summer my mom picked it up for me a
couple years back
yeah brand-new yeah you might be able to
buy the new somewhere but don't ask me I
don't know where yeah I actually got
this for Christmas a couple years back
yeah 51 year old gamer and my 73 year
old mom bought me this game for
Christmas and go figure
yeah all gamers never die they just lose
their controllers no what is it that
yeah so yeah so what's next yeah hmm
y'all know the answer to that of course
you know the answer to what's next I
already said what's next what's the next
walkthrough and if you don't well just
post post a comment and somebody will
add to you okay but well just read the
comments and everyone's going to say
yeah it's you know everyone knows what's
next
yes that's it
I'm third there is a little cutscene at
the end of this of all the credits and
everything that shows my score you know
like my my final hit ratio and how many
times I died and etc etc and then we get
to save the game get to save what's
known as the cleared game and then you
start with a clear game and you get to
start a new game with all your weapons
that you you know that you collected
during the first playthrough and all the
ammo and you know your upgrades and
everything you have to keep everything
and what do you unlock when you clear
the game you get to unlock professional
mode a much more difficult setting and
you also get to unlock a bunch of
minigames and you also get to unlock the
infinite rocket launcher and the Matilda
a burst fire and good if I recall
correctly the Matilda's not bad this is
up a lot of ammo the infinite rocket
launcher is great although I believe it
cost 1 million pesetas you get to buy
both of these from the merchant if I'm
not mistaken I haven't actually looked
at this so it's been a while
am I going to do any of the minigames no
I don't think so
I won't have time how will you have time
to play him for fun I'm gonna be busy
with the new walkthrough yeah
so sorry
you
and again is that you finally the lines
Jack free hey hun again no glasses
forget the glasses what's the status of
the mission I've rescued the subject
we're returning home you did it Leon
Thanks you know you're kind of cute
without those glasses give me your
number when I get back may I remind you
that you're still on duty
story of my life all radiant in my score
is gonna show up in a minute e2 there we
go
hit ratio 77% figured to be somewhere
around there died five times y'all
celebrate died - Cameron Bure mom one
time I died during krauser another time
I died trying to do that Rolling Rock ki
Compal thing in the beginning there's my
clear time once again if I was playing
this game just for fun my clear time
would be well over 20 hours but because
it's a video game Walker you know it's
down to read you know see 1350 - yeah I
play a lot slower when I'm playing for
myself just for fun and we get sound
like the infinite rocket launcher and
the Matilda Matilda burst fire hand gun
it's not bad uses up a lot of ammo I
think you can purchase those from their
merchants I forget how much the I I know
they're for it the infinite rocket
launches like a million pesetas the
Matilda's cheaper if I recall correctly
somebody posed to come and tell me I
forget so that's it cleared game we get
to start with this like it's a cleared
game you could use that to use all the
ammo and guns and whatever that we've
collected in the first playthrough in a
new play through and to get a new menu
screen here's professional mode more
difficult setting and the minigames
where the minigames wait a minute
where these game no wait
no no it's uh I think it's an extras
here we go yeah yeah here's all the
minigames so that's that that the end of
Resident Evil forward I want to thank
you all very much for watching and if
you thought these videos were like you
know a whole bunch of lies don't forget
to give the slack sir
thumbs up yeah because I I live on
thumbs up I've peed on thumbs up I
thrive on your thumbs alright that's it
it's like act